[THEME MUSIC]
Hello, I'm Lisa Garr, host
of "Gaiam Inspirations."
Did you know the ancient
science of numerology
is 2,500 years old?
And it's been used for centuries
to help people determine
their life's purpose,
their wedding date,
and even to find a
relationship match.
This is what my guest did
today to find her soul mate.
My guess is numerologist
Glynis McCants,
and she's known to many
as The Numbers Lady.
She has helped thousands
of people over the past two
decades recognize their
strengths and their weaknesses
and follow their path to join,
even really change their lives,
all by the numbers.
Welcome, Glynis.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Hi.
Very good to be here.
Thank you so much
for being with me.
You really are a genius
when it comes to numbers.
And I want to-- I ask
you, I mean, two decades
you've been working with this.
-Yes.
Is that practice makes perfect?
I mean, you really--
GLYNIS MCCANTS: I
have to tell you--
I'm going to tell
you a couple things,
that the actual science
I use is Pythagoras'
system, because there's others.
And I really embrace his.
It's been the most
accurate for me.
Numerology itself is
the sense of numbers.
It is 2,500 years old.
Pythagoras was the
creator of the system.
And the belief is that
everything in the universe
has vibration, and that's
why when you meet someone,
you're like, oh, I really
enjoyed that person.
Or you meet someone, say,
OK, that didn't feel good.
Like, you might even
feel a little drained.
That's all energy.
So in the case of how
long I've done it,
I can honestly tell
you, the first time
I did someone's numbers just for
the heck of it, I was accurate.
And that's when I
knew it was God given.
So I-- I attribute my gift
as being very God given.
I'm an excellent
interpreter of numbers.
Like, we can all do numerology.
But I'm a really good
interpreter of what it means.
And that is the difference.
That's why I got the
nickname The Numbers Lady.
LISA GARR: That's true.
I mean, you are.
You said once, the
numbers don't lie.
And I thought, how
could she say that?
I mean, that's a bold statement.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yes.
But they don't.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: They do not lie.
Right.
Exactly.
But what it means is, again,
it comes to interpretation.
When I say that, it's
because the reason
we lie sometimes as
people is we panic.
We feel uncomfortable.
We feel like you're judging us.
But numbers are just numbers.
So what's beautiful
is when you understand
each other by numbers, you don't
take it personally anymore.
So you might be husband
and wife and say, oh,
she's being a four.
Oh, he's being a five.
Now it's not personal.
It's is vibration.
And that's the beauty of
understanding why it's so good.
And it doesn't have
to lie because it's
not defending itself.
LISA GARR: That's actually--
I mean, an example of that
is my daughter and
I. In our charts,
our numbers are not compatible.
We struggle sometimes when it
comes to getting homework done
and [INAUDIBLE] done.
But I'm able to look at that.
Because I have so
much love for her,
but when we had those struggles,
it would really break my heart.
But when I saw that our
charts, we would never
be a compatible relationship--
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Now remember,
it's about challenge,
but it doesn't mean you
can't coexist beautifully.
As a matter of fact,
I've come across couples
that were considered challenged,
but they get along great.
But it was because of
their own evolvement.
You know, what causes a
breakdown in communication,
it always takes two to tango.
So if you don't join in the
fight, there can't be a fight.
LISA GARR: Exactly.
That's how it works.
And that's your lesson.
Yeah.
So take me back
to a relationship
that you said wasn't working for
you, and how you got into this.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Oh, yeah.
When I first got
into it, I was 19.
My heart was broken.
I went to see someone
who was a numerologist.
I didn't know what
that meant, of course.
And she explained to me, she
goes, you're not missing him.
You miss his mother.
You miss his sister.
And that's because
their vibration
is naturally matched to you.
LISA GARR: Oh, interesting.
-Isn't it?
And the minute she said
it, it clicked for me.
And I'm like, oh,
I'm not missing him.
And I was over him.
Which is nuts, because for
two years I mourned us.
I mourned us.
But it wasn't-- I just didn't
know what I was morning.
And she explained,
you're mourning them.
When you go in the house, you
feel like you belong there.
So to this day, I'm friends
with his mom and his sister.
And to me--
LISA GARR: Interesting.
Really?
Yeah, I'm buddies with them,
because they really were
meant to be a part of my life.
He wasn't.
So how did you find
your-- then your--
-My guy?
-Yeah.
I-- here I was,
coaching the whole world
to find great love
by the numbers,
and I'm like, wait a second.
What about me?
And I'd actually been in
a bad marriage early on.
And I ignored some stuff.
Now this is interesting.
He, my husband, was compatible,
but his whole family
was a challenge to me.
So it can go that
way too, darling.
LISA GARR: Oh, your
current husband?
No, ex-husband.
I was married once before.
I'm telling you that.
What you need to be aware
of is even if you're
compatible with your
partner, when you
marry, you marry the family.
LISA GARR: Yeah.
Uh-huh.
And this new-- my husband
of 10 years, the man I've
been with 10 years, not only
are we beyond compatible,
but I adore his children.
He's got two daughters.
I count them as my own.
And his mother is like
the angel mother-in-law.
Like, she's my favorite human.
And she's best friends
with my mother.
I mean, it's the most
magical story by the numbers.
So--
-Isn't that nice?
It is.
And that's why I said,
knowledge is the power here.
The more you can learn
about each other,
the better you can do,
no matter what you're in.
But if you're single,
I'd want to help you get
it right from the
start, and that's why
I wrote "Love by the Numbers."
LISA GARR: And that's
an amazing book.
So let's talk about
how the numbers
would relate to something
like this year we're-- 2012.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yes.
And people can look at
their experience of it
and relate all of it.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yeah, OK.
So the first thing you do when
you look at a world number
is you have to break it down.
So 2012.
2 plus 0 plus 1 plus 2 is 5.
Now a five, energy is
never a dull moment.
It moves too quickly.
Like, it's very hard
to keep up with things.
So I know that George Noory is
also on your wonderful channel.
And George and I
talk quite a bit.
We always check in
every couple months
just to compare notes of
what I said and what happens.
So I said in the beginning of
year to him in January, I said,
look.
This year's going to
be full speed ahead.
Grab your bag of
popcorn, because it's
going to be like a movie.
I mean, sometimes
it'll feel surreal.
I said, but just
keep your focus.
And if you want to
accomplish something,
you've got to sit down
and write it down.
Make a list of what it is
you're trying to achieve.
Otherwise, it's not
going to happen.
That's how fast the
year would move.
And haven't you felt
the speed of this year?
Yes.
Exceptionally.
Like, crazy, right?
-Exceptionally, yes.
-Right.
So that's how it works.
And that was the world number.
And now we saw a lot of drama.
To me, symbolic.
In the January-- do you remember
the cruise ship that capsized?
LISA GARR: Yes.
Think back to that.
That was in January.
And that represented to me
the cycle of five for drama.
Who-- you never see a
capsized cruise ship.
The captain was showing off.
He wanted to get close
to shore, and they ran
aground, thank you very much.
And then what did he do?
He jumps off the cruise ship.
He didn't want to stay while
people were still there.
So my point is that was like a
little message to me to go, OK.
Fasten your seat belts.
LISA GARR: Do you
look at everything--
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Everything.
Whether it's political, of
course, I look at politics.
Every time I read a
story, whether it's
a celebrity, anything
that happens,
my brain runs, of
course, to Google
trying to find the birthday.
It's because, remember.
Sometimes you won't
get the right birthday.
I'm pretty good at
continuing to research,
because a lot of
celebrities don't
want to admit their birthday.
So again, numbers don't lie.
But if the number's wrong,
if I've got the wrong number,
that's not right either, right?
But, yeah.
I do, every single day.
And I wanted to
say something else.
In February, remember
Whitney Houston died.
LISA GARR: Oh, yes.
And now what's interesting
about how fast this year moved,
it's almost like that seemed
an awful long time ago.
Like, it doesn't seem
it was this year, right?
LISA GARR: No, it doesn't.
This year moved so quickly
with so much happening.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: But listen
to this powerful story,
because again, I look
at number patterns.
Whitney was a nine life
path, which is the old soul.
It's the one who comes to
it with a lot of gifts.
And you know, no one had a
better voice than Whitney.
Well, when Whitney
passed away, the next day
was the Grammys, remember?
She was going to perform.
It was the 54th Grammys.
5 plus 4 is 9.
And then that night,
Adele won six Grammys.
She's a nine life path.
And I felt like this
baton was passed.
Whitney the nine passed the
baton to Adele, the nine.
And it was a nine,
the actual day.
So I'm just-- I look
at stuff like that
and go-- that's all I do.
LISA GARR: That's a
great example, actually.
Isn't it?
We have a clip of you
on "The Dr. Phil Show,"
which was an amazing thing.
You took the crew
out to a bar, right?
Well, no.
No, no, no.
Here's what I did.
I challenged them.
I said, you know,
I know that there's
no such thing as a stranger
if I've got their number.
I said, so I'd like the
opportunity to do that.
So they literally had
me go into a nightclub
and read perfect strangers.
And also, we did a
lot of shoot that day
like at coffee shops and stuff,
and it was dead on accurate.
So the beauty of what they did
is they showed it on television
and just said, there it is.
And it was all-- I knew
nobody, proving it.
LISA GARR: Let's take
a look at that clip.
It's in the numbers.
Take a look.
There are other
ways to determine
whether two people are a match.
Now my next guest
certainly thinks so.
She calls herself
The Numbers Lady.
Take a look.
The most important number--
and this is for all of you--
it's your life path number.
One means you're striving to
be the best at what to do.
A six is the nurturing number.
You're a six.
The number seven is the
observer watching others.
Hi, seven.
[LAUGHTER]
And the eight is, don't
mind working hard.
Where's my paycheck?
Hi, eight.
[LAUGHTER]
And the nine is, follow me.
And I might not know
what I'm doing now,
but I'm going to pull if off.
Hi, nine.
[LAUGHTER]
Well, please welcome author
of "Love by the Numbers,"
Glynis McCants to the show.
-Thank you.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
All right.
Now tell me how this works.
Numerology is the
science of numbers.
When you look at someone's
name and their birth date,
you get six numbers that make
up the numerology blueprint
of who they are.
And just for the record, you're
soul mates with your wife.
So Robin and you are an example
of a soul mate connection,
for real.
[APPLAUSE]
OK.
So our numbers--
-I knew that.
We've been together
for 40 years,
but our numbers say that, right?
The numbers do.
And here's how that works.
Because 40 would be the
biggest of those numbers, right?
Yeah, but let me
tell you about you.
You're a seven life path, and
you know what seven's are?
It means you can
assess the situation,
and you feel who people are.
You do it all the time.
And in my opinion, your
greatest blessing--
you've got the number
two, which is intuition.
You do go with
that gut instinct,
and it doesn't fail you.
Going back to Robin, she
is actually your rock.
Your rock.
Because a four is that
solid base that says,
honey, fly as high
as you can fly.
But make sure you
take care of me too.
Don't forget me.
Because the four's about family.
So her mission is about,
make sure the whole family
is together, and you
love that about her.
So if I come home and express
an opinion and she says,
don't you Dr. Phil me--
[LAUGHTER]
You need to listen to me.
Is that her being my rock?
Absolutely phenomenal.
You got a huge response
from that, didn't do?
Well, actually,
here's what's great.
I actually picked the
date by the numbers,
and they let it air
the day I asked.
LISA GARR: Oh, you did?
Yes, I did.
Because I-- they do trust--
I am The Numbers Lady.
And I-- PS, it was a high
rated show, which is the whole
point of picking a date--
LISA GARR: Oh, that's great.
--if you can.
But it was 12/3/2012.
And that energy, the three
day-- I'm a double three
numerology born on a three
day, three life path.
So that day's communication.
And the whole-- the
attitude of the day
was six, which is magnetic.
People would be drawn to it.
And then the whole date
reduced to one digit,
which was the master
number 11, which
is this doorway of knowledge.
So I knew it would
be really good.
But here's what
happened on my website.
I got a call from
the webmaster saying,
what the heck did you just do?
I said, why?
He says, your
website's going nuts,
but it's actually
kind of freezing.
I said, why?
He says, you're averaging 4,000
unique visitors per second.
LISA GARR: Per second?
-Per second.
Wow.
That's a powerful show.
[LAUGHTER]
But you know what is so cool?
I love the hunger.
You know, it's just lovely when
you get to show what you do,
and people go, ooh,
I want to know more.
Yes.
I mean, are you a
consultant to the--
to executives, celebrities?
GLYNIS MCCANTS: I'll
tell you what I do.
I do have a lot of
celebrity clients,
and I do corporate parties where
I help people like corporations
get along better.
Look, the key is, how do
we get along better to come
out with a positive result?
That's what I do.
Yeah.
All the time.
LISA GARR: All right.
So let's talk about
some of the numbers.
Let's talk about
how we determine
our own life's path number.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: OK.
So let's say-- let's
do a birthday example.
It would be 5/5/1962.
And we confirm that
that would be true.
Yes.
5/5/1962.
Someone born that day.
What you would do is just
add it straight across.
So let's count with me.
Ready?
5 plus 5.
LISA GARR: 10.
Plus 1.
LISA GARR: 11.
Plus 9.
LISA GARR: 20.
Yep.
Plus 6.
LISA GARR: 26.
-And plus 2.
LISA GARR: 28.
-That's right.
So 28.
In numerology, for the purpose
of the simple definition
of one through nine, you
just break it to one digit.
So 2 plus 8 is
10, 1 plus 0 is 1.
So a one life path is someone
who's ambitious and driven.
They strive to be number
one at what they do.
That is the life
path, number one.
And for people listening
right now, some of them
will say, well, what about me?
I'm a master number.
You know, master
number 11 or 22.
I would say, for
the purpose of what
we're doing, to refer to the
two and the four respectively.
LISA GARR: So add them
together to create one.
To let it be a two for
this simple definition,
and let the 22 be a four
for the simple definition.
LISA GARR: OK.
All right.
So we'll do that for now.
So I want to run through-- so
I invite everyone listening who
just saw how to do
the numbers, you add
your whole birth date together.
And we're going to go through--
GLYNIS MCCANTS: And
reduce it to one digit.
So no matter where you end
up, if it's still two digits,
keep going.
-OK,
Keep going.
What is, if you've done
that now, what is a two?
A two life path, they
seek love, peace, harmony.
They really are
the ones for love.
A three life path
is a communicator.
They're here to
express themselves,
and motivate and uplift others.
LISA GARR: And you mention that
there's a positive and negative
to each number.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Correct.
And I'll tell you
negative in a sec.
We'll just continue
with the positive,
because we're all
about that good news.
Yes.
[LAUGHTER]
The number four
seeks knowledge.
So they're here to teach us.
Like, once they learn, they
want to show you how to do it.
The number five is all about
freedom, fun, adventure.
You do not control a five.
LISA GARR: Well,
we're putting up
the numbers on the screen here.
So the five is-- you
don't control this person.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: You cannot.
LISA GARR: Thus, the 2012.
Uh-huh.
The number six, it's magnetic.
They're the ones in charge.
It's considered a
nurturing energy.
The number seven,
they're the ones who have
to-- they ask big questions.
Who am I?
What am I?
Why am I here?
So they need space, but
they also need to find
faith that they can believe in.
LISA GARR: So the
seven is someone
who asks, why am I here?
But they need to trust--
GLYNIS MCCANTS: They have
to get those answers.
They have to get the answers.
But they don't like hypocrisy.
Are they big why people?
Huge.
But also, they just are bored.
Like, if you try to
sell them on something,
their eyes roll to the
back of their head.
But if it's interesting,
then they're intrigued,
and they're listening.
LISA GARR: If it
grabs their attention.
Yes.
The number eight, it's about
mastering money, establishing
financial security, and
also learning to choose
their words carefully.
Because sometimes when
an eight gets upset,
they'll just say it.
They'll say how they feel.
It's a very honest energy.
LISA GARR: That's me.
I'm an eight.
Very honest.
Uh-huh.
But it's important to--
here's the irony of an eight.
If someone gets
upset with the eight,
they walk away very hurt.
It's like, whoa.
That's not what I meant at all.
I was just trying to be honest.
LISA GARR: It's interesting
too, because I censor myself too
because I wind up saying
most of it to myself,
and don't let a lot of it--
GLYNIS MCCANTS:
Right, but let me
tell you where that comes from.
Even though we're doing these
simple examples of a life path,
you're talking
about who you are.
You were born on what day?
LISA GARR: The 29th.
-Uh-huh.
2 plus 9 is 11, 1 plus 1 is 2.
2 is sensitive to everybody.
So the day you're
born is the editor.
Not your eight, honey.
If you were double
eight, whoo hoo!
Oh, interesting.
So it breaks down that much.
Yes.
Your two is going,
I'm going to watch.
You know, there are three
numbers in the birth date,
and that's more complicated.
Hence the reason I wrote a book
called "Love by the Numbers."
But back to just
that basic number,
you know that that's
a part of you.
And you know, sometimes
if you get tired,
Lisa, you won't edit.
You'll just say it, and that's
when the problems can happen.
Yeah.
The number nine is
the humanitarian.
They have to learn
to let go of the past
to be happy in the moment.
But they're a natural leader.
LISA GARR: OK.
So that's our life path number.
LISA GARR: And then
what about the 11?
These master numbers, OK.
If you're a master
number 11 or 22,
it just means you feel
called to master your life.
The reason I talk about--
I call that a very
high frequency vibration.
By having that, they can often
have, like, panic attacks.
It can mess with sleep,
because they feel
like they're not getting there.
And no matter how
much they achieve,
they feel frustrated, like
they're not there yet.
And I give them
permission to say,
embrace that lower frequency.
That's a part of you too.
Like, you've got your 11,
which is this-- you know,
the voice says, no matter
how good, not good enough.
That's what that voice says
that they have to overcome.
So if they just
[INAUDIBLE] it into two,
it means I'm also here just
for love, peace, harmony.
The 22, they're
also very intense.
They're about truth.
So if you're not honest,
they're going to confront you.
But the other thing they
can do is embrace a 2.
2 plus 2 is 4, and four
means when I learn my skill
and learn how to do it
right, I'm going to help
you so your life is easier.
That's their form of mastery.
LISA GARR: That's
their mastery, yes.
And I do, again,
cover that thoroughly.
But I just-- there are
people who love numerology,
and they get upset.
They're like, you don't talk
enough about master numbers.
I'm like, that's not the point.
I'm here to make you have a
better life, a happier life.
don't want you feel like
you're-- you didn't master it.
LISA GARR: Right.
No, that's right.
The book, you can find
all of the details,
the little nuances.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: And by
the way, you have that.
When I talked about 29, before
you got to that 2, 2 plus 9
is 11.
So you have that voice,
no matter how good,
not good enough.
You are very self-critical.
LISA GARR: Oh.
-See?
LISA GARR: Definitely.
Well, that's your piece.
Now I have it also.
My attitude number, 8, 12.
When you break it down, it's 11.
That's a master number.
So I get it.
And that's why I have
compassion to it.
LISA GARR: Yeah.
You understand it.
So now, you mentioned there
were shadows-- not shadows.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: There is.
A dark side.
What it is, you're got a
positive and negative side
to every number.
A one life path
living on the negative
is too critical of
themselves, and then way too
critical of everyone
in their life.
LISA GARR: And by
the way, I want
to just reframe that the idea
of going after what the negative
is--
GLYNIS MCCANTS: --is when
you fall into that trap.
You can say, I'm not
going to do that anymore.
I'm going to now go positive.
You'll say, ooh.
I fell into the
negative side of me.
I'm going to give
back to positive.
And that I'm susceptible
to that negative side of me.
We are all-- and that's
why, by the way, when you run
a chart for someone, if you're
supposed to be compatible,
I'm going to tell you-- this
is important people know this.
If they do drugs or
alcohol, all bets are off.
I don't care if your
numbers are perfect.
You are dealing with
Doctor Jekyll, Mr. Hyde.
And it's not-- it's
going to suffer.
LISA GARR: So the worst shadow
will come out and amplify.
GLYNIS MCCANTS:
That's exactly right.
So then the number
two, two, the downside
is being too sensitive.
Always hurt.
Well, that's a lot
of work to be around.
The number three
is a funny thing.
I say threes are
great communicators,
but sometimes they embellish.
They make up stories that
didn't really happen,
and suddenly they buy it.
They believe it.
So they have to careful.
Everything they're
saying's the truth.
You know, like,
I make this joke.
I say, the truth's not
always as entertaining.
You know?
So they'd better pay
attention to that.
It's just-- and
little kids, if you
meet a little three life path,
they will tell you stories.
And you can giggle, because
they're a little kid.
But as an adult, three is
like, make sure you know.
And also be careful
not to over talk.
They like to be
in the know, they
like the gossip and the scoop.
Be careful you're not
doing harm with what
comes out of your mouth.
LISA GARR: I'm sure.
And it's hard for
them to control that.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Absolutely.
Because they're communications.
I know people like that.
I'm sure everyone does.
And then the four
life path, the thing
with them is once, if you lie
to them, it's a deal breaker.
So if they choose
to let someone who
lied to them stay in their
life, they'll bully them.
Like, I can't
believe you did that.
I can't believe
you-- it's like, hey.
If you're going to
forgive them, then you've
got to forgive them if you're
letting them stay in your life.
Otherwise, let them go.
So they're just very strong
in what they believe.
The number five, their
dark side-- and this
goes for seven also,
fives and sevens--
escaping through drugs,
alcohol, geography, work.
And my punchline would be--
LISA GARR: Geography?
Travel, travel, travel.
Gone, gone, gone.
Never here.
My joke would be, they
should wear a shirt
that says, anywhere but here.
You know, and Angelina
Jolie comes to my mind
as a great example of a five.
Where is she really?
Where the heck is Angelina now?
She's in the [INAUDIBLE].
She's over there.
She's having another baby.
She's adopting one over there.
I mean, that is
anywhere but here.
LISA GARR: Interesting.
You see?
But it means, never
a dull moment.
But the downside is
slow down, take a look.
Am I over drinking?
Oh, and I did this in my
workshop, which was lovely,
because I had all
the ones, fives,
and sevens raise their hand.
These are the cerebral number,
and I said, note that when
you drink, you never get drunk.
They drink, drink,
drink, but they're
still alive and sober because
their mind is so strong.
I said, that's why you've
got to find a healthy escape.
LISA GARR: Oh, interesting.
So that addiction really never--
It's not going to work.
Whatever they thought
it was going to do--
I've earned a drink.
It's not true.
It won't work.
So you've got to find
something healthier.
Yoga, meditation, something.
LISA GARR: This is the benefit
of knowing the strengths--
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yes,
knowing your numbers.
Learning a little bit--
oh, that's my downside.
I'm going to work on it.
Number six real quick.
Sixes, the downside
this sabotage streak.
You know, they're so good at
damage control, if it's quiet,
they know what to
do with themselves.
And they can actually
make trouble sometimes
when there's no trouble.
So they have to learn
to say, it's going good,
and I deserve it.
That's their lesson.
The number seven, seven
is about seeking faith.
I said that.
But they can be cynical.
If they don't have faith
or haven't found a truth,
they can be very
critical of other people.
Like, it's just easy
because they're kind
of-- puts them in a bad mood.
I want to say that.
Because they're a very
strong, smart number.
Let's say you were a
little seven life path,
and you were-- religion was
shoved down your throat.
Good chance that
later you're like,
I don't have faith at all.
I don't believe in any of it.
And I'm like,
please, find your way
back, because it's your lesson.
The number eight.
Eight is here for the
financial security,
but also business minded.
And they're also politics.
They feel very
strong about what's
happening, like, politically.
So the downside of eight is,
again, too honest in your face,
feeling so strongly.
It's my way or the highway.
So they have to learn to go, OK.
Whoa.
I'm going to edit.
I'm going to choose my words
carefully so I can be happier.
LISA GARR: Maybe slightly
resistant to change?
Big time.
And you know what else?
When things happen,
they also can
feel like a victim
of circumstance,
so they have to always
say the big question.
What part did I play in this?
What-- because the minute
they say that, they
get their power back.
If they feel like--
like they can't say,
what else could go wrong?
Eights can't say that.
LISA GARR: Nope.
-No.
Because the universe is
like, well, let me show you.
-Yes.
-So they can't say that.
I've learned that.
Isn't that fun?
And then the number nine--
Nope.
[LAUGHTER]
--nine is about
family, and nines
need to let go of the past.
It's very common for a
nine to still mourn what
happened in their childhood.
Mom wasn't there for me,
dad wasn't there for me.
They broke up or whatever it is.
They have to let go of the
past to be in the moment.
And they need to
learn to ask for help.
Nines are a very capable energy.
They don't like asking for help.
It's their lesson to ask.
LISA GARR: It does actually
help also if you're a parent
and you know your child's
life path number, because you
will parent differently.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Absolutely.
-Yeah.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Well,
that's the whole point
is that when you give
birth, they may not help
you pick names by the numbers.
When you understand
vibration, it's
like having the edge of-- it's
like, I can figure this out.
I can help this person.
Instead of being mad that
they're different than you,
they are.
Learn why they're different.
And then deal with it.
Deal with
LISA GARR: And how
you can be compatible.
So let's take some
people that we know.
For example, President Obama.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yeah.
Now I want to talk
about that election,
because that was a doozy.
LISA GARR: Yes.
And I called that election,
and you can go to my website,
and I will prove it.
Because I called it October 21.
Oh, a three day, might I add.
OK.
OK, here's how that goes.
This was a very tricky
election, and anyone
who was cocky and saying
who was going to win, that's
just simply not honest.
It is so not honest.
It was neck in neck,
up to the last second.
Let me just tell you in a
simple way-- first of all,
I was wondering, OK.
Who would Romney pick
as his running mate?
What was funny about that, Ryan,
Paul Ryan, had the double two
energy in his birth,
as does Joe Biden.
So I thought, OK.
That's a good partner,
because two is actually
supportive of who they respect.
So that worked-- that made him
a wash, is what I want to say.
The running mate didn't help.
Didn't matter.
OK?
That wasn't it.
It was all about
Romney and Obama.
Well, in October, Romney by
numbers-- I could see the cycle
that he was in-- was
a really good cycle
for him for communication.
And remember, he nailed it.
That first debate, Romney
got the whole world talking.
He was on fire.
And Obama seemed asleep.
[LAUGH]
Which was shocking.
However, in numerology, I
have created a calendar.
It was a sunny day
symbol for Romney,
and it was a sun with
a cloud day for Obama.
So just that simple, I
knew there'd be a problem.
And it was like saying the stars
aligned that day for Romney.
Now cut to November.
I knew that Obama was going into
a personal month of one, which
is doing whatever
you can to win.
And the actual day
of the election
was a sunny day for Obama, and
not a sunny day for Romney.
So just that simple stuff.
I'm like, OK.
He's got the edge.
The edge.
I said, but with
the drama happening,
I felt there'd still be
accusations of voter fraud,
which you've heard plenty.
I mean, my goodness
in Pennsylvania
they said it was
like 59 counties
that not one vote for Romney.
Which, I'm sorry,
I don't buy that.
I do not, because I know humans.
We have rebels.
Let's say your family-- you
say, you need to vote for blank.
You'd be mad and say, I'm
going to vote for the other
because I don't like you
telling me what to do.
Do not tell me 100% of
anything votes for anybody.
LISA GARR: Never.
It's never happened.
Thank you.
So that's-- we did see that.
But bottom line is, he did
get it by that slide edge,
and I saw it in the numbers.
LISA GARR: Fascinating.
All right.
So we have this December
of 2012 that we're
looking at as being the
end of the year, this end
of the Mayan calendar cycle.
There's is a lot of attention
at this particular time
in history.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Well, yes.
You're talking about
December 21, 2012?
The big thing?
Again, it's a great
day in numerology.
It is.
When I talked to you about
picking December 3, 2012,
technically that
energy's the same.
Because look.
12-- here's why.
And people have got to just--
one thing about numerology,
you guys have
trust it is simpler
than you think it is, just
when I say these simple things.
Ready?
12/3/2012.
So now let's go 12/12/2012.
Well, if the third and the 12th.
1 plus 2 is 3.
Exactly the same number
for the day, right?
LISA GARR: Yes.
12/3 and 12/12,
because 1 plus 2 is 3.
Then the 21st, 2 plus 1 is 3.
So all of those are the same.
So the 12/21/2012
is what number?
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Well, you're
going to go like this.
You take the month and
day first to determine--
1 plus 2 plus 1 plus 2 is 6.
That's the attitude of the day.
Then the actual day is the 21st.
2 plus 1 is 3.
Then you take the full date.
12/12/2012.
It becomes the master number 11.
And then remember,
I say that belongs
in the family of two energy.
It's like 11 is the mastery
of-- and I call it a doorway.
I will stand by that,
because there's two lines.
And it's like, what
doorway are you picking?
What opportunity do
you want to go through?
Now the difference between
12/3/2012 and 12/12,
which is the same
energy, is that actually
is a spiritual day
because we're headed out
of this cycle of five,
which has been chaos
and a little bit crazy.
We're going into a
cycle of six, which
I'm very happy about because
I know the people that are
spiritual, you get a payoff.
And that day, 12/21/2012, you
should light a white candle,
write down your goals.
What am I trying to achieve?
What are my plans?
LISA GARR: You say
there's a doorway.
There's a choice.
-Yes, it is.
So you decide, am I
going to get married?
Maybe I'm dating.
Is it time to propose?
I want to move.
Is it time to move?
You're not talking about a
choice between good and evil,
right?
GLYNIS MCCANTS: No.
The doorway is, you decide
which way are you going.
And speaking of a
doorway, 9/11/2012,
I do not want to know
what happened that day.
Our ambassador was
murdered in Benghazi.
That's a big deal.
LISA GARR: That's right.
Well, we can see-- and see
how your brain went, wow.
I kind of forgot that.
Because that's the year this is.
It's like--
[SNAPPING]
--we just are moving so fast.
If you want me who's a nutbag
who's writing it all down--
[LAUGHTER]
--if you're not doing this,
you're going to forget.
We're going to
take a quick break.
When we come back
with Glynis McCants,
we're going to look
forward into the year 2013,
and look to see what we
have to look forward to.
We'll be right back.
This is Lisa Garr.
You're watching
"Gaiam Inspirations."
[THEME MUSIC]
Hi.
Welcome back to
"Gaiam Inspirations."
I'm Lisa Garr.
And my guest is
numerologist-- also
The Numbers Lady, as she's very
well known-- Glynis McCants.
And we're working here.
We're figuring out numbers.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: That's right.
We're running numbers.
We're in a numbers
session here.
So what I want to
figure out is you'd
mentioned right before
the break about this 9/11.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Correct.
What was the
energy of 9/11/2001?
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Well, let me
say quickly that 9/11/2012, when
you take that energy, whenever
you see a master number,
if you really do your
research, there's
a lot of terrorist attacks that
happen on a master number 11.
They seem to
embrace that energy.
And I can only figure,
when I talk about doorway
of opportunity, they
decide that that
is a significant day to attack.
Well, certainly it becomes
unforgettable when they do it.
So going back-- because
I believe, by the way,
in the year 2013,
we're going to get
a lot more detail and
information about what
happened in Benghazi.
That story is not going away.
That's a big story.
But in 9/11/2001, that
actual date was an 11.
Which is, again, 1 plus
1 is two, let's say.
Take the full date,
reduce it to one digit.
It's a five.
The two five are so
toxic to each other,
I cannot even
explain that better
than what happened that day.
And that's why it
seemed surreal.
Remember I said the energy five,
it looks like it's a movie.
Remember when you first saw the
pictures, it didn't look real?
Like we, because
we're in California,
we saw the pictures
like, is this a movie?
And then when you saw the poor
people running down the street
with smoke all over,
it's like, that looked
like a Steven Spielberg film.
But it was all happening.
And that's the 11.
So my message about that too,
we are foolish to not protect
ourselves every 9/11.
Because clearly, they are making
a statement with that date.
And guess what else?
They waited exactly 11 years
before they attacked us again.
See?
-Yes.
Yeah.
From 2001 to 2012.
So when-- and we also, when
we know our toxic number days--
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
How do you-- if you
have appointments,
if you have commitments--
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Right.
So here's how it works.
I-- first of all, I
call it a caution day
when it comes to an actual day.
Because a day is a big deal.
You can't-- I have some
people, it's like, oh.
You know, it's a
challenge day, so I'm
not going to get out of bed.
I'm like, nah, nah, nah, nah.
Life is a challenge.
By the way, we are on a
planet here to learn lessons.
That's all we're doing here.
We're supposed to
find ways to have joy
and be grateful and give back.
But it's not just
an easy place to be.
So what I do, when
I say to you it's
a caution day, what's nice
about the information,
I say, keep your focus.
Keep your eye on the prize.
What is it you're here to do?
And that means if someone wants
to be confrontive or rude,
you don't have to join in.
You don't have to
be a part of it.
That's the message.
It's like, take
care of yourself.
It also means that things
are technically messed up.
So what?
It's OK.
Smile and go, it's
a challenge day.
We're OK.
It's really nice.
This goes back to
knowledge is power.
That kind of
knowledge helps you.
And then if it's a sunny
day, like Mitt Romney
on the first debate, or
Obama winning the presidency,
don't you want to know
when that date is?
[LAUGH]
LISA GARR: Yeah, right.
You want to plan ahead.
Aren't you excited?
Give yourself a break.
No, I do-- I do understand
what you're saying.
Those days that
are challenges, you
keep your family
close to you, you
keep your personal items close.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Oh, yeah.
Well, let me tell you this.
This is another symbol I have.
It's like-- the sunny symbol's,
of course, full speed ahead.
There's a sun with
a cloud symbol.
What that is-- it's
still good for you.
You take care of you, but you
don't count on someone else.
So example, if you were
going to get surgery,
you don't get surgery on
a sun with a cloud day,
because you're
counting on the doctor.
LISA GARR: Now you have a whole
calendar that you put out,
right?
-Yeah.
It's called the
numerology calendar.
Obviously 2013 calendars
are now available.
It's at the website,
numberslady.com.
And what it is-- these have
been out now five years.
And it was actually, again, Mr.
George Noory who inspired me.
Because people kept saying,
I want to get surgery.
Should I do it that day?
And it was a bad day.
And I thought, if
I could just help
people get good surgery dates,
that was the first inspiration.
Well, since then,
oh, my goodness.
I get letters every week
of people saying, Glynis,
I got a sunny day symbol.
It was knee surgery.
He said it would take
six weeks recover.
It took two.
I hear this constantly.
LISA GARR: Interesting.
That it just went smoothly.
That's what it's about.
LISA GARR: Really?
-Yeah, it's all vibration.
LISA GARR: Miraculously smooth.
Yes.
Surprisingly.
[LAUGH]
Because I have been in a
situation where I cannot
understand why the brick seem
to be falling on my head,
one after the next And I
think, what's wrong with me?
GLYNIS MCCANTS:
And it's not you.
It's not you.
And then if you make
a note-- like, look.
I don't constantly
look at my calendar.
Like, I have people
who are obsessed.
I'm like, don't do that.
Don't live like-- I'm saying,
if you have opportunity,
if a new month comes
in and people are like,
Lisa, when do you
want to meet us?
You're going to run over
and look for the sunny day,
because it's your
day to meet them.
But in life, if things get
weird for me, I do go, whoa.
What's today's date?
And then I smile and go, oh,
you've got to be kidding me.
So my message today--
everyone, by the way,
regarding 2012,
we're in December.
Tomorrow's December 21.
Guys, this month is
hanging on for drama.
It wants to make a little more
trouble before it says goodbye.
So you've got to pay
attention to all your details.
Keep your focus.
And again, if it's your
relationship, if it's your job,
if anyone wants to fight
with you, remember the words,
it takes two to tango,
and don't join in.
Just get through this cycle.
Take care of yourself.
I know it's a time of
giving to everyone else.
Give to you.
Do something for
you in this cycle.
And just take your deep breath.
It's about breathing.
LISA GARR: It's only
a few more days.
Yeah.
Yoga, meditation, anything
to just calm it down.
What about the first of 2013?
January-- 1/1/2013?
What type of day is that?
GLYNIS MCCANTS:
Well, as you know,
it's going to be sunny for
some and caution for the other.
But here's the good news.
It's so much bigger than that.
We're about to shift
into what I love.
I mean, I love this cycle.
Because I would tell you this.
The numbers one,
two, three are magic.
Because one pushes ambition,
three's communication,
two is love.
Well, 2013, two, one,
three is all in there.
LISA GARR: Nice.
-Yeah.
So you look at the
individual numbers--
I look at those
first and go, OK.
As a matter of fact,
when you look at 2012,
it was double two, which
was over emotional,
and one which was competitive.
There was a lot of fighting.
I'm right.
No, I'm right.
You know, what I believe.
It's like, oh my gosh.
How did we get so
separate from each other?
We're in this together.
LISA GARR: I mean, I just
wanted to take a second to say,
do you recognize that when
hearing something like this,
you look back at 2012.
And if you had a rough
year, you just kind
of want to just take a breath.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yeah, and
say, OK, it wasn't me.
That's over.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yeah.
It's passing, and now I get it.
Now there's another
thing about that.
A lot of relationships ended
when I think it was a mistake.
Like, I think you guys, in
this new cycle of 2012-- 2013,
when you break down 2
plus 0 plus 1 plus 3 is 6.
Six represents family and
commitment and coming together.
So some people may have regret
that break up this year.
I will not be surprised
if you see that shift.
And I see the new year as a
time for real family stuff.
Getting married,
signing contracts.
It's like, big-- it's a shift.
And if you did
struggle this year,
you're going to
feel the difference.
Like, if I-- I would say,
if you lived this year
and it was black
and white for you,
you wake up in living color.
It is a nice change.
And if you've been struggling
and things have not been
falling into place, will they?
You'll feel calmer.
You'll feel like you
have more control again.
That out of control feeling
will not be a part of next year.
Now what will happen, though,
it's a magnetic energy,
so be careful not to sabotage.
Remember what I said.
When it's going smoothly,
don't mess it up.
Just say, it's going
good, and I deserve it.
Just like a life
path six, all of us
should be saying that as we
have success in the new cycle.
LISA GARR: What
about financially
for our country in 2013?
GLYNIS MCCANTS: It's
about growing up.
It's about, I'm sorry.
There's this thing
called budget.
It's about establishing one.
This is such a bizarre time.
The lack of accountability for
our leaders-- we pick them,
we elect them.
It's our job.
It's scary to see
the pointing-- I
called it the Pointer Sisters.
If I point to you,
you point to me.
But I see that shifting
for the better too.
Like, we just have
to figure it out.
LISA GARR: Oh, I'm in
that place in my own life.
I'm looking at the
places in my life
where I've been overwhelmed
and not wanting to look at it.
It has been all about
looking and being accountable
for all-- putting systems
and structures in place where
I didn't want to look before.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: And
here's the other thing--
and I want people to
forgive themselves
for this-- that the natural
state of life is chaos.
So when your room
looks like a tsunami,
that's actually normal.
But in life, we need
structure and organization.
So if you can get
it back on track,
then your life is
so much better.
LISA GARR: Yes.
-It just takes an effort.
But I want people to forgive
themselves to go, oh, my gosh.
Look at my place.
It's like, no.
That's natural.
But you've got to-- you've
got to fix it and find
the paperwork and make sure
everything is where it should
be so it's not so chaotic.
LISA GARR: OK.
So what are the natural
sunny days 2013?
What are some of them?
Well, I mean, I could
talk to you about that.
Because like I said,
each one of is different.
These are life path numbers.
There is a thing called
personal year cycle, though.
And I'm going to tap a little
in that, because we didn't.
Let's just at least do you.
What's your month and day?
12/29.
All right.
So 12/29.
That's all I need.
And then you add it
to the world number.
So 1 plus 2 plus 2 plus 9.
5, 9, 14.
LISA GARR: 14.
Right.
And then 1 plus 4 is 5.
Now you have a five
added to-- which,
by the way, does
mean, no matter how
smooth you'd like it to be--
-Drama.
--it comes after you.
It comes after you.
But you take it to
the world number.
Now this year was
actually a shift
for you getting into the
driver's seat of your life.
I mean, there has been success.
There has been
some great breaks.
That happened this year, see?
So that part's good.
Because 5 plus 5, which
was 2012, equals 10.
1 plus 0 is 1.
But the new cycle,
you go into cycle
two, which is your intuition--
LISA GARR: Wait.
Break down the personal life.
Which number are you talking--
You take your month and day.
We already did it simple.
-OK.
-You were born 12/29.
Break it down to one digit.
We established it was a five.
LISA GARR: OK.
So now 2012 is also a five.
So 5 plus 5 is 10.
-All right.
That was a disaster.
OK.
1 plus 0 is 1.
Yes, but you personally
had big breaks.
The personal year of one.
So do you see what I'm saying?
OK, what I want to--
So let's do 2013, when
you're adding the one.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: It's a layer.
The cycle of five was above
our head, messing with us.
The world number five.
But you as a person, there were
some good things happening--
Definitely.
--because you were in
a personal year of one.
So it's like, how do I get
more in charge of my life?
How do I get more
of a payoff, like,
even in career and success?
But the new cycle, it
just shifts by one point
because it's a six.
If we're five, it's a six.
So now add the six to your five.
You have a five attitude.
6 plus 5 is--
LISA GARR: 11.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: 1 plus 1 is--
-2.
And two means your intuition
will be stronger than ever.
Your gut instinct-- You know,
I say-- I teach people to know
that no is a complete sentence.
And that's hard for you.
When you say no, you feel
like you have to explain it.
LISA GARR: That
is a great phrase.
Yeah.
So you and the
cycle need to know,
no is a complete sentence.
You're not doing
it, and you move on.
But it's intuition.
It means you're gut-levelly
going to get the answers much
quicker for yourself, Lisa.
And it'll be about
love and emotion.
So it goes, again,
back to family
and what matters most to you.
But it's also business.
The numbers two, four,
eight are business-minded,
but two does business
with their heart.
So that means
you'll make income,
but because of what you love.
And the love that you bring is
where your income comes from.
And my big message
about money to everybody
is, God put you on a planet that
cost money, so he better have
plans for you to make some.
[LAUGH]
It's not free to be here,
or you'd do it all for free.
You know, but the other thing
is when you have-- meaning you,
Lisa Garr-- you're generous.
When you're ahead,
you want to give.
It's like, what
cause can I help.
LISA GARR: Absolutely.
-See?
-Yeah.
So when we start
looking at it right
and look at our little messages,
it makes life very exciting.
LISA GARR: Yes.
-Makes it easier.
LISA GARR: It is amazing.
It is.
LISA GARR: So, OK.
So then 2013 is going
to be a little bit
of an easier year for people.
Well, it's a magnetic year.
It's the year of six.
It's slower, which I think
always makes things easier.
If things move too
fast, we can't remember.
Our mind goes nuts.
It goes back to
family, like I said.
It's your home.
It's about-- it's about
being in your body.
You know?
If you feel like you neglected
yourself, it's a cycle.
Look at you again and go, no.
I'm going to take
better care, nutrition,
I'm going to exercise,
I'm going to breathe.
You know?
And I'm going to
write it down and know
that it's going to get done.
And when these
opportunities come to me,
I won't be out of my head.
LISA GARR: What about
relationships with the times
to--
-It's big.
It's the time for commitment.
You could easily get married.
And I love the cycle
of six for marriage.
I think we're going to see
a lot of good commitment
stuff happening.
I do.
LISA GARR: Good.
And that's why I said,
the only caution-- like,
you talk about the
shadow side-- don't
sabotage when it's going well.
Say, ooh, it's going
good, and I deserve it.
And if you're already married,
is it a good time to recommit?
That's a good time to look at
that relationship, rekindle.
Have we become roommates
because we're so tired?
Let's get back to romance.
Let's get back to the
weekly date night.
Maybe get a babysitter said
stay the night at a hotel.
You know, that's what it means,
getting back to the basics.
Getting back to
what matters most,
and being in the moment
with what's around you.
LISA GARR: And I mean,
that's a great excuse
even if you believe
nothing we're saying,
to go back to your relationship
if there is conflict,
and just restore it anyway.
[LAUGH]
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yeah,
well let me say-
It's going to be easier.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yeah.
And doing this now
for so many years
and proving it-- like I said,
the blessing of the cycle
of five for me was every show.
I even was on the
wonderful "Dr. Oz Show."
And the man is a medical doctor.
And he said, you
know, Glynis, he goes,
I learned so much in India.
I heard about numerology.
He goes, but you've
been my teacher
in everything you've just said.
He tested me with
the whole crowd.
Every word out my mouth,
he goes, it's dead on.
He goes, and your
advice is sound.
Your advice is accurate.
So when you say, hey, if
you don't believe a word
we're saying, I say,
shame on you if you do.
Shame on you for one reason.
Open it up for yourself.
It's not about-- it's
not a competitive game.
It's about, learn
it for yourself.
Take advantage of the tool.
It exists, and it could
make your life easier.
That's all I want for everybody.
LISA GARR: I'm really
glad that you said that,
because I'm obviously a fan.
I've known you for years.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yes.
A long time.
-Almost a decade.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yes,
that's exactly right.
Yes.
And so I am a fan, and I speak
to you from that perspective.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yes, absolutely.
And I invite anyone else to go
on their own quest with this.
Absolutely.
And like I said, because
some people are like, well,
I'm a skeptic.
And I say, by all
means, hit the library.
Just go pick up a book.
It's not about, oh, you
have to buy my book.
I say, first of all,
why wouldn't you?
The price point's low.
It's not like I'm saying, pay
$300 bucks for the-- you know,
it's like $15 on Amazon.
I do it for one reason.
I know all this
research I did, I
laid it out and
simplified it for you
get to apply it to your life.
Lucky you.
When I first studied
numbers, I couldn't find
one book that made sense to me.
LISA GARR: "Love by the
Numbers" is your second book.
The first book--
Yeah, the first one's
"Glynis Has Your Number,"
which people really respond to.
I think of it more of
the buffet of numbers,
because I cover, like, location
when you move somewhere,
breaking down the energy.
When you a pet.
Compatibility.
Everything.
I cover everything.
However, when it
comes to relationships
and understanding your
partner, you can't
beat "Love by the Numbers."
And it's not just your partner.
In business, you can
break down numbers.
These are standalone books.
I have people who own both
and get a lot from each
for different reasons.
LISA GARR: We're going
to take a look at a clip
that Glynis has that is
an extraordinary example
of her work with
numerology in play.
Take a look.
This is what I want to
say about Lady Diana.
When the whole thing
happened, I was devastated,
as I know everyone was.
And I say that
because we loved her.
And we loved her because
she gave so much.
And that's what sevens do.
But when I studied
her, I thought, whoa.
Al-Fayed and her had three
numbers out a five in common.
HOST: They were soul mates.
They were soul mates.
And she did not have numbers
in common with Prince Charles.
So she had found someone
who truly loved her
and treated her beautifully.
So yes, it's tragic that
she died, but in such
a good moment for herself.
She felt loved.
She felt appreciated and
adored for the first time.
And if we had to put-- you
know, have a time to die,
that's the time.
When everything's terrific
and you feel good.
She was happy.
[APPLAUSE]
Right now, they are pinching
themselves thinking,
they must be dreaming.
It is that good.
It is that powerful.
But it's not real.
VOICEOVER: Numerologist
Glynis McCants
is the author of "Glynis Has
Your Number," and founder
of the website numberslady.com.
She says that numerologically
speaking, Angelina and Billy
Bob just don't add up.
I know for a fact he
will regret his decision.
And I've done this 16
years, so I'm not guessing.
I just looked at this and
went, oh, my goodness.
VOICEOVER: Both were
born on a four day.
And when each
birthday is added up,
they both total to
the same number, five.
When you meet someone who's
got your numbers exactly,
it is this out of sight feeling.
I mean, it's like crazy in love.
And that's what they are.
So it's definitely
sexual and passionate,
but that's not
necessarily grounds
for a long-term relationship.
Fives live like they're
in a soap opera.
They're in a book, you know?
It's a new chapter.
New novel.
No accident they're both actors.
But when the curtain goes
down, you deal with reality.
And they have not even
looked at the reality yet.
They're nowhere near it.
VOICEOVER: According to Glynis,
five's the freedom, fun,
and adventure.
Add to this a five's
fear of commitment,
and you have trouble.
You know, she's been through
a couple of marriages,
and she's in her early '20s.
And going back to Billy Bob,
this is his fifth marriage.
Not real good at commitment.
And what's funny is
the word is, they
removed the vow in the marriage
of till death do us part.
Well, no kidding.
[LAUGH]
It's not going to happen.
[MUSIC - THE JAGS, "BACK OF MY
HAND (I'VE GOT YOUR NUMBER"]
That clip that we just saw
was right around the time
that Princess Diana died, right?
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yes.
She died in 1997.
And I was a reoccurring guest on
Leeza's show, which was great.
But it was so devastating,
as you remember.
We were all devastated.
She had such a huge heart.
So that's why the
emotion was so palpable.
LISA GARR: Yeah.
So joining us, you
always have such
a great example of
using people as examples
for reading their numbers.
And joining us is
Melanie Martin.
She is an employee
of Gaiam, and she's
here to be our Guinea pig.
[LAUGHTER]
So Glynis got your
numbers ahead of time,
which consists of what?
What I have is the first and
last name you go by today.
It tells us the vibration
you put out today.
The birth certificate name
gives you a destiny number,
but that's not what
I'm doing right now.
I'm just looking at,
what is the energy?
When you say, my
name is Melanie,
and you give your information,
that's your vibration.
So we're going to
talk about that.
LISA GARR: Even if she
was married and had
her husband's last name--
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Then
that's what would matter.
Whatever she puts out
today is what matters.
And then your full
date of birth tells me
the most important numbers,
which is your life path
and the day you're
born and attitude.
So here's what I see.
You're ultimately
a three life path.
Threes are here to motivate
and uplift other people.
So you field called to that.
You also-- threes are known
for eyes, smile, voice.
So it's no accident that you're
attractive because if you
weren't, you'd be depressed.
You were.
You see what I'm saying?
It's not about others.
It's you trying to
be your best self.
Humor.
You love to laugh.
If you can hang with
someone funny-- and also
you look for the punchline.
I do.
Yeah.
Well, I say a three's
a natural comedian.
And you have a double three.
Your soul number's fulfilled
by a two, which tells me
when you're hanging
out with your friends,
having a good time, you
love to know the gossip.
Do not tell me you don't.
I do
You like to be in the know.
And if you check your
cell phone or whatever
and there's no messages,
that's very depressing to you.
It's like, where
did my friends go?
-Yes
-And why am I out of the loop?
You really like
to know what's up.
I say that the three is a light.
But because you're a light--
and I want to even say this.
The brighter the light,
the bigger the bugs.
Meeting emotional people,
people who drain you.
It's like, they almost
want something from you.
Be very careful who you
invite into your life.
You've got to pick
and choose wisely.
Yes.
OK?
And then you have a five, which
means, never a dull moment.
So you have a party
that gets bored easy.
And you're like, what's next?
What are we going to do?
And if you get to go to a
party, that's you at your best.
It's like, you can't wait.
What am I going to wear?
What are we going to have?
And then good
conversation, like I said.
Now are you dating or married?
-I am dating.
-OK.
So this is the other message
of the three life path.
Be careful, because you're
a natural counselor,
not to attract the patient.
Meaning someone
who's always a mess,
and who is trying
to fix their mess
and trying to give them advice.
That's not your job.
What you hope for
and want is an equal.
You can have that, but
you've got to be careful not
to settle for less than that.
LISA GARR: Do we have that?
That is-- I think
he's an equal.
But, yeah.
What's his date of
birth real quick?
Just for the fast food of it.
-12/5/76.
LISA GARR: OK, so
you think so, but--
[LAUGH]
Here's this golden
opportunity for Glynis to be
able to do your chart there.
Here's what I would tell you.
I mean, you guys have
a soul mate connection.
It's why you think
it's a big deal.
And soul mate means
one of two things.
It could be, oh, eureka.
I found it.
Lucky me.
Or, I'll never do it again.
So it's-- how long
have you been dating?
Oh, five years.
OK.
He's got the four life
path, which is that solid,
you can count on me.
But he's born on
a five day, which
means his way or the highway.
When he wants to do what he
wants to do, he gets busy.
He gets caught up
in his own schedule.
That's him.
And then attitude
number-- you said 12/5?
-Mm-hm.
-OK.
So what the compliment
is-- they like pretty.
If you're not pretty,
he'd be depressed.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, you know it's true.
Bad hair day, don't
go outside with him.
-OK.
-No.
He wants you to
look good, but he
should be willing to say that.
To say, honey, you look good.
He wants to be proud of you.
So is he working on
a plan for marriage?
What's the deal?
Because--
That's what he's
telling my parents.
Yeah.
Because the four
likes to have a plan.
What did he pick for work?
-He owns a business.
-OK.
Because a four like
that, they need security.
And until they feel
they have security,
they don't want to get married.
They want to feel like
the time is right.
But they are the ones, when
they make a commitment,
they stand by their commitment.
So in that way, yes.
He is good.
And plus, you guys have
so much yin yang energy.
Like, you sometimes
have to cheer
him up, make him feel better.
Because when he's
upset, he gets very--
That's so true.
Yeah, well, he
goes in his shell.
I always say, a
four has a shell.
So you'll have to
bang on it going,
honey, what's up with you?
Because he'll go quiet.
Whereas you're like, oh, you
know, you'll be a goofball,
a cheerleader.
Whatever you can to
get him back to life.
And he does appreciate that.
Yeah.
Wow.
The other thing is, you
share the number five,
which means you should travel.
Like, find ways to get out
of your regular environment.
Even if it's a hotel
just for romance,
for the weekend, good
idea for both of you.
OK.
Yeah, remember to get
out of your regular space
so you guys can
enjoy each other.
LISA GARR: Do you
like to travel also?
Yeah.
And we're both Sagittarians,
so I think that's a part of it
too.
We just love to get out and
travel and just go anywhere.
Right.
And of course, because I'm The
Numbers Lady, I would only say,
it's strictly numbers.
Now mind you,
astrology is accurate.
No doubt.
But it's different.
It's like, OK, what
city were you born?
The reason I don't applaud it as
much is every man I ever cared
about, astrology said
I was no good with,
and there were soul
mates in numerology.
When I learned numerology,
I realized, wait a second.
So do you see what I mean?
Yeah.
That was my concern.
But when I meet an
astrologer who's gifted,
their conclusions
are the same as mine.
They read it a different
way, but it's the same.
But note the speed
of what I just did.
Yeah.
That's why I love the numbers.
Like, I look at this.
You can run, but you can't hide.
LISA GARR: Does this
make sense to you?
It does, although
I'm a little bit,
like, scared about
the relationship bit
that you just shared.
Because I'm like,
I hope it's what I
had imagined that it would be.
But honey, wouldn't
you rather know now?
I would like to know now, yeah.
Well, but remember
also what I said.
This is about--
you know, challenge
numbers promote chemistry.
Like, I'm in a marriage-- my
husband's a four, I'm a three.
It's a challenge.
That's life.
Being afraid of anything is
such a waste of your time.
Don't try to make it
prettier than what it is.
Because when you understand
him, you're going to get
a better man from this man.
You know he can be
very complicated.
LISA GARR: And
Glynis's relationship
is a four and a three also.
I have an amazing
husband for 10 years,
but that's because
I understand him.
I know how to
bring out his best.
The reason you want to
understand your differences
is so you can bring out
the best in this man
for the rest of his life.
-Wow.
That was an incredibly
accurate reading for Melanie.
We're going to take another
look at Glynis McCants.
So [INAUDIBLE], I
broke down your numbers.
Now remember, there are
three numbers in a name,
there are two in a birth.
So this is what I get.
I look at you.
The first thing is,
you're a three life path.
So if you have something to
say, no one can stop you.
[LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE]
And not only that, but
you're a natural detective.
You have a five.
So if someone's lying, you're
going to find out the truth,
and you're going
to confront them.
That's true.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: That's right.
And when you get mad, it's
an Oscar winning performance.
You are scary.
[LAUGHTER]
OK?
The other thing is,
you have an eight
in your soul, which
means you've learned
the hard way your whole life.
But you don't like
the pity pool.
When someone feels
sorry for themselves,
you're like, get up.
Let's figure it out.
Do you true, honey?
You're on the money.
Girl, you better stop, OK?
[LAUGHTER]
I'm not going to deny
that you're on the money.
That's me.
-Right.
Now here's another.
You have a two, which
means you also need love,
and people hurt you
deeper than they realize.
Girl, where did you come from?
Come on down.
It's scary.
-All right.
So Glynis McCants
is here with us,
and so is Gina Silvetti, who is
a producer of this show here.
And Glynis is going to
read Gina's numbers here.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: What's
interesting for the pattern
of what I just did--
like, I just read Melanie.
Melanie was born a one day
and she's a three life path.
Gina's born on a one day.
She's a three life path.
-Oh, funny.
So already, similar energy.
But it really is.
And I mean, it's
common for energy
to be drawn to
the same location.
Like, when I do a
workshop, it was very cute.
I did a workshop on the
weekend, and I said, raise
your hand if you're a seven.
And I swear, all the
sevens were together.
Raise your hand
if you're a nine.
A pack of nines.
And I'm like, wow.
They find each other.
They don't even know it.
It's like, oh, this
feels comfortable.
I'll be here.
But it's the same energy.
The difference is,
with you, Gina,
you have a seven attitude.
And seven is about
finding faith.
It's like, you need to
learn the actual message
of saying let go and let God.
It's like, I can't control all
of it, so it's not my problem.
But the more you seek the
spiritual side of your life,
the happier you are.
And nature's beauty
is your buddy.
Ocean, mountains,
plants, flowers.
When you're around nature's
beauty, you are so happy.
That's true.
You could see, like, a perfect
sunset and have such joy.
It's like, look at that.
You get caught up
in the beauty of it.
Like, even a bouquet of
flowers can you may go, whoa.
Look at the beauty of that.
And that's because you
have a seven attitude.
You also have a seven for
your power name number.
It means you have a
great observation,
power of observation.
Like, you could
be talking to me,
but you do have
the ability to kind
of hear what else is happening.
LISA GARR: That's why
she's such a good producer.
That's why she's an
amazing producer.
Yeah.
Well, you know, the other
thing I'd save to you,
the numbers one, five, seven,
do make good producers.
You have a one, and
we have double seven.
But your life path
number's three,
and three is actual--
a communicator.
So you should be able
to write as well.
I do.
Yeah, I mean, it's not going
to be hard for you to write,
because putting things to paper
is like, here's what I think.
Here's what I want
to communicate.
And then you're really
good about editing.
-That's what I do.
-Right?
When I'm not producing, that's
actually exactly what I do.
Because you go back
and go, OK, wait.
That wasn't quite right.
You know, that's not the
message I'm trying to project.
What's a better word?
That's a three.
You also love written word.
Like, if you come across a good
book, you fall in the book.
-That's right.
-Yeah.
And you don't want to leave it.
It's like, ah.
You miss it until
you're done reading it.
So the three is about a writing,
it's about communication.
It's certainly about this
field of communication.
Because remember I
said, if you're here
to motivate and
uplift other people,
how do you beat a
field like this one?
-True.
-Right?
LISA GARR: And how are
we related in terms of--
-Yeah, exactly.
-Are we super compatible?
Well, here's what it is.
You're a 35 eight.
And so when we talk
about a life path number,
because you have a three
right behind it-- like,
Sandra Bullock, by the
way, is a 35 eight.
Sandra Bullock.
I mean, if you don't love her,
something's wrong with you.
I mean, the woman, what
she's been through,
what she's been through and her
adopting that sweet little boy.
But it's the 35 eight.
So three is a natural performer.
She's got the three, so she's
going to encourage that.
It's about cheerleading
each other.
Very much so.
And then the fact that
you're born with the energy
of two, the 29th.
And then she's got the energy
of one, which again means,
let's just figure this out.
Like, it's magic.
When I talk about
one, two, three--
whenever you see one, two,
three around people, it's magic.
Well, she's got the one three.
You've got that two.
So it's like, what can
we do to produce magic?
LISA GARR: This is magic here.
-Right.
But it also means
when it goes wrong--
like, you're really good
at trying to prevent
it before it happens.
Like, you're really about,
I know this could go wrong.
Therefore, how do I prevent it?
And then one of the
lessons for you, again, is
being too critical of yourself.
It's like, you do
this great job.
One thing goes wrong, and
then you're haunted by it.
Because the numbers one, five,
and seven never stop thinking.
You've got double seven one.
Which means at
nighttime, when you
feel like you're lying in
bed you're like, oh, my gosh.
Did I do everything
that had to be done?
Do I really have
permission to sleep?
LISA GARR: You are
just nailing this.
Right?
LISA GARR: Yeah, I've known
Gina for over a decade,
and she produces the
radio show as well,
the award show as well.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Well, and
yet, notice something.
Here I said-- I started
with explaining,
that gal was one on one
day three life path,
yet look how different
the reads are.
Oh, that's so interesting.
We have to wrap this up.
But I'm telling you, it's
magic in the numbers,
and I so appreciate you
being here and joining us.
And thank you Gina Silvetti.
GINA SILVETTI: Oh,
thank you, Lisa Garr.
[LAUGH]
My wonderful angel.
All right.
GLYNIS MCCANTS: Yes.
Yes.
GINA SILVETTI: This is my angel.
We'll have a love
fest right here.
[LAUGH]
And if you want to watch
a replay of my interview
with Glynis McCants or
share it with your friends,
go to gaiamtv.com for
a lot more thought
provoking interviews and
great and inspirational films.
Go to gaiamtv.com and sign
up for your free trial today.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay inspired.
[THEME MUSIC]